BUILD-275: add support for build csi volume source (#40074)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/builds-using-build-volumes.adoc

          type: ConfigMap <3>
          configMap:
            name: my-config <4>
      - name: my-csi-volume <1>
        mounts:
        - destinationPath: /opt/app-root/src/some_path  <2>
        source:
          type: CSI <3>
          csi:
            driver: csi.driver.ephemeral.io <5>
            volumeAttributes: <6>

>               attribute: value

Reviewer: Yes, we document Tech Preview features. We should also add an admonition that states something like:
```
[NOTE]
====
The shared resource CSI driver is supported as **Tech Preview** only.
====
```

----
<1> Required. A unique name.
<2> Required. The absolute path of the mount point. It must not contain `..` or `:` and doesn't collide with the destination path generated by the builder. The `/opt/app-root/src` is the default home directory for many Red Hat S2I-enabled images.

> <3> Required. The type of source, `ConfigMap` or `Secret`.

Reviewer 2: Need to add `CSI` here.
```suggestion
<3> Required. The type of source - must be one of `ConfigMap`, `CSI`, or `Secret`.
```

> <3> Required. The type of source, `ConfigMap`, `Secret` or `CSI`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<3> Required. The type of source, `ConfigMap`, `Secret`, or `CSI`.
```

<4> Required. The name of the source.

> <5> Required. The driver of the csi source volume.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<5> Required. The driver that provides the ephemeral CSI volume.
```

> <6> Optional. The volume attributes of the csi volume.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<6> Optional. The volume attributes of the ephemeral CSI volume.
```

          type: ConfigMap <3>
          configMap:
            name: my-config <4>
      - name: my-csi-volume <1>
        mounts:
        - destinationPath: /opt/app-root/src/some_path  <2>
        source:
          type: CSI <3>
          csi:

>             driver: csi.driver.ephemeral.io <5>
>             volumeAttributes: <6>
>               attribute: value

Reviewer 2: ditto:

```suggestion
            driver: csi.sharedresource.openshift.io <5>
            readOnly: true <6>
            volumeAttributes: <7>
              sharedSecret: shared-secret
```

----

<1> Required. A unique name.
<2> Required. The absolute path of the mount point. It must not contain `..` or `:` and doesn't collide with the destination path generated by the builder. The `/opt/app-root/src` is the default home directory for many Red Hat S2I-enabled images.

> <3> Required. The type of source, `ConfigMap`, `Secret` or `CSI`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<3> Required. The type of source, `ConfigMap`, `Secret`, or `CSI`.
```

Author: done

<4> Required. The name of the source.

> <5> Required. The driver of the csi source volume.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<5> Required. The driver that provides the ephemeral CSI volume.
```

> <6> Optional. The volume attributes of the csi volume.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<6> Optional. The volume attributes of the ephemeral CSI volume.
```

> <6> Optional. The volume attributes of the ephemeral CSI volume.

Reviewer: @gabemontero @jkhelil Do these two callouts provide this enough information for a newer user to successfully enter those values, or do we need to provide additional guidance, such as links to other topics?

Reviewer: > did you mean @jkhelil instead of @akram (this is @jkhelil 's PR)?

Sorry about that. I meant @jkhelil. Thanks.

Author: hey @rolfedh Yeah i think it would be nice to have a link to how to add  ephemeral csi volume to a pod spec, i cant find that doc, wondering if it exist

Reviewer: @jkhelil It looks like [Embedding a CSI inline ephemeral volume in the Pod specification](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.6/storage/container_storage_interface/ephemeral-storage-csi-inline.html#ephemeral-storage-csi-inline-pod_ephemeral-storage-csi-inline) is what we're looking for. If so, you can add a cross-reference like this to the module: 
```
xref:../../storage/container_storage_interface/ephemeral-storage-csi-inline.adoc#ephemeral-storage-csi-inline-pod_ephemeral-storage-csi-inline[Embedding a CSI inline ephemeral volume in the Pod specification]
```

Author: done @rolfedh please have a look

Author: @rolfedh asked to remove xref at the end

> <5> Required. The driver that provides the ephemeral CSI volume.
> <6> Optional. The volume attributes of the ephemeral CSI volume.

Reviewer 2: ditto:

```suggestion
<5> Required. The driver that provides the ephemeral CSI volume.
<6> Optional. If true, this instructs the driver to provide a read-only volume.
<7> Optional. The volume attributes of the ephemeral CSI volume. Consult the CSI driver's documentation for supported attribute keys and values.
```

          type: ConfigMap <3>
          configMap:
            name: my-config <4>
      - name: my-csi-volume <1>
        mounts:
        - destinationPath: /opt/app-root/src/some_path  <2>
        source:
          type: CSI <3>
          csi:
            driver: csi.sharedresource.openshift.io <5>
            readOnly: true <6>
            volumeAttributes: <7>
              attribute: value
----

<1> Required. A unique name.
<2> Required. The absolute path of the mount point. It must not contain `..` or `:` and doesn't collide with the destination path generated by the builder. The `/opt/app-root/src` is the default home directory for many Red Hat S2I-enabled images.
<3> Required. The type of source, `ConfigMap`, `Secret`, or `CSI`.
<4> Required. The name of the source.
<5> Required. The driver that provides the ephemeral CSI volume.
<6> Optional. If true, this instructs the driver to provide a read-only volume.

> <7> Optional. The volume attributes of the ephemeral CSI volume. Consult the CSI driver's documentation for supported attribute keys and values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<7> Optional. The volume attributes of the ephemeral CSI volume. Consult the CSI driver's documentation for supported attribute keys and values.

[NOTE]
====
The shared resource CSI driver is supported as **Tech Preview** only.
====
```
